I have your money! Please!
She would never say it out loud.
But Nate going broke...
...finally granted Cassie the permission
to follow her dreams.
This little piggy went to the market.
This little piggy stayed home.
This little piggy ate a big. big meal.
This little piggy ate none.
This little piggy went "whee. whee. whee."
all the way home.
Within 24 hours of Brandon Fontaine
tagging Cassie...
I'd like to thank all my fans
for watching and subscribing.
I hope you enjoy It's Just Me Cassie.
...she had 17.000 new subscribers.
Slide your hand forward.
- Yes.
- Maddy worked her to the bone.
I wanna see more ass.
Yeah. yeah. poke it up.
Hello. It's your favorite dream girl.
Just Me Cassie.
Some men wanted her in specific outfits.
You've been a bad boy.
You wanna spend the night in the hole?
Specific positions to focus on
specific body parts.
Do you like the sound of that?
Do you want to hear my pussy?
Others wanted jerk-off instructions.
to be told what to do. to be humiliated.
You fat little fuck.
I'm very. very disappointed in you.
Let me see you play
with your tiny little penis.
Or to humiliate her.
I'm not gonna fart in a jar.
For $700?
You fart in the jar.
He's not gonna know the difference.
Okay.
But the most common request...
is that they wanted Cassie
to say their name.
Conner. are you gonna punish me?
Joshua. Robert.
Hunter. Marcus.
Mohammed.
Cass?
Guess who just hit 50.000 subscribers?
No.
Maddy helped her
to get even more exposure.
I just feel like American men
have been treated
like second-class citizens.
You know what?
I think I agree with you there.
Why is it that women hate men these days?
Well. in the past.
men used to be hunters...
...and gatherers and protectors.
But now. they're being
forced to walk around
on their tippy toes.
I mean. it's not natural.
Men should be free.
They should be able to...
...speak their mind. voice their desires.
Oh. you think they're being too restricted
- by society?
- Yes! Like. if a man today
were to say that he wants a girlfriend
that can cook or clean.
he might as well be screaming the N-word.
Okay.
Well. you sound like a Democrat.
I'm not retarded.
You know what's funny?
The angrier these idiots get.
- the more money you make.
- Yeah.
Even with all the attention
she was getting.
she still missed Nate.
Did you wire Nate $35.000?
He was gonna be evicted from the house.
I think you need to take
that big. sweet heart of yours
and stick it in the fucking freezer.
Maddy. I can't.
He's my husband
and he's being supportive.
and he thinks I'm doing an amazing job.
It's 'cause he's not a breadwinner.
He's a bread loser.
And if you don't cut him loose now.
he's gonna be entitled
to 50% of everything you make.
I'm looking at your stats right now.
Your career is about to fucking explode.
Maddy was right.
She was getting bigger...
I've never done this before.
- ...and bigger...
- But for my fans.
I'll do anything.
God!
...and bigger.
It's too big. oh!
Oh. oh. oh!
Yes!
Yes! Oh!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Big lady.
get on your knees.
Back away from the building
and get on your knees.
Lethal force will be used
if you do not comply.
Lethal force will be used...
- Hi. Frank.
- Hi.
You look so small.
I could fit you in my pocket.
Yeah.
I wonder where else I could fit you.
You wanna go where?
- You naughty. naughty boy.
- I'm so bad.
Well. hold your breath.
Oh. yeah. Do it!
Yes! Oh. God.
Oh! Oh!
Frank!
What are you doing in there?
Nothing.
Are you jerking off to me again?
Yes...
Ohh.
Did you enjoy that?
She knew this was her destiny.
To triumph. To conquer.
To win.
The world was hers.
And she had finally been unleashed.
I'm still trying to fucking wrap my head
around Big Eddy's thought process.
Motherfucker work for you for 15 years.
and now he fucking decides to betray me.
- I mean. they did shoot him.
- And?
Maybe the motherfucker was scared to die.
Oh. so what. you defending
his sissy bitch ass now.
- is that what you're doing?
- Nah. I'm just trying
to put myself in his shoes.
Oh. so you're telling me
you'd do what he fucking did?
So. I got a fucking house full of Judases?
- Is that what you're telling me?
- Hey. man.
You're putting words
in my mouth now. dawg.
There's nothing noble
about a man whose loyalty
ends the moment he's afraid to die.
Might just go to the hospital
and kill him myself.
In order to save his own fucking life.
he risked mine.
Now. my whole fucking business
is in the hands
of that fucking Dracula-faced bitch
and her crew of moronic fucking crackers.
I ain't sayin' the motherfucker
should've opened the safe.
No sense in debating it.
It is what it is.
We must take back what's ours.
We'll need a strategy.
The gun is the strategy.
They got guns too.
And we have the element of surprise.
Can you draw a map of that farm?
Yeah.
- Get on that.
- Okay.
What is this?
- What the fuck is this?
- What?
I'm 6'3".
These are the pants
of a motherfucker who's 5'9".
Must have been a mix-up. man.
- I'll go switch 'em out.
- Hey. boss.
- Let me be fucking clear--
- Nigga. eat!
Do I look 5'9" to you?
Nah. man.
Do I look your height?
- No.
- Then what the fuck happened?
'Cause I know these pants
are the pants
of a motherfucking man of 5'9".
Who is that guy?
Who are you? Huh?
Some little. small. pathetic motherfucker.
'Cause that guy ain't me.
You ain't me. huh?
In your mind. do I look little?
Do I look little?
- Nah.
- Do I look little?
- Have I shrank?
- Not at all. man.
Look. I went in there.
I was grabbing 'em quickly.
- Let me get the right size.
- Then why the fuck
am I wearing these little boy pants?
- Is this what you think of me?
- No. Nah. man.
Is that what you trying to tell me?
That I ain't nothin'?
Why did you decide to hand me
a pair of pants
and make me look like
a small. itty-bitty nobody?
I can go back to the shop.
You think I'm not the size I am?
That I'm some small. tiny.
- itty-bitty nigga?
- It was a simple mistake!
Oh. so you was trying to make me
- look like a motherfucking fool?
- No. no. no.
- No!
- This how you fuckin' see me?
- No. No.
- I'm some small motherfucker?
Tell me the truth!
Tell me the motherfuckin' truth.
Tell me. motherfucker. before I kill you.
- No!
- You done fuckin' put your--
It was a fuckin' mistake. I swear to God!
That's how you picture me in your mind?!
Judas bastards.
Cassie was surprised
by how helpful Brandon was
in navigating her career.
Yo. you know Maddy's
not a real manager. right?
- Yes. she is.
- No.
She's an assistant to a manager.
She answers phones all day.
She's really good at her job.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Annie brought her fucking bulldog in
and now there's diarrhea everywhere.
It's like a Chilean minefield in here.
Ugh.
You know that porn star
you used to represent?
Katelyn?
I read an article with her in Forbes.
She's making a fortune.
Will it still smell like shit
in here at 3:00?
Probably.
Then reschedule the day.
Will do.
What has she done for you. exactly?
Besides bring you to my house?
I do make a lot of money.
Yeah. that's 'cause I've been
tagging you in shit.
Maddy's only gonna get you so far.
Alright? She has no power.
She's just another Hollywood leech.
And we've built a real business.
We have a whole team of
professional videographers.
editors. photographers.
Alright. we have sponsorships.
Just think of what
we could build together.
You'd be set for life. Cass.
I believe it.
Alright. then.
What's stopping you? Move in.
Maddy's my best friend.
I know. but it's not personal.
Alright. Cass? It's just business.
You're a businesswoman. right?
Right?
Alright. hold on.
You know. there's a reason
that everyone who comes
into this house leaves famous.
If I can't convince you.
maybe the fans can.
I think a sexy video of you and Brandon.
that's gonna make a lot of money.
Brandon's a TikTok star.
- He's not into porn.
- I'm not talking about porn.
I'm talking about. you know.
something erotic.
Something tasteful. huh?
Just the two of you.
You're in a hot tub together.
He's rubbing your feet
and you're scratching his back.
You know. something like that.
It's like you're pretending
to be in a relationship.
You know. there's a story.
Wouldn't that make you jealous?
Baby. I'm a businessman.
I'm just looking for opportunities.
I mean. Brandon has 30 million followers.
I don't think you're capitalizing on that.
I mean. he asked me to move in.
- Well. did you say yes?
- No.
- What are you waiting for?
- Well. I have to talk to Maddy first.
Oh. fuck Maddy.
Look. this guy can take you places.
I'm really counting on you. babe.
- Okay.
- You're my last hope.
Yeah. I understand.
- Do you miss me?
- Of course.
But I'm watching all your videos. babe.
- I'm so impressed.
- Really?
I love you. I love you. I love you.
You wire me that money
as soon as you can. okay?
Yep.
I'll bring home the bacon.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
That is that positive mentality.
That is how winning is done.
I love you.
We're gonna do this. It's me and you.
That's Bonnie and Clyde. baby.
- That's Jay-Z and Beyonce.
- Okay.
Okay. go. go. go. go. go. I love you.
You're a winner.
I love you. too.
Bye bye bye.
Come on.
Alamo had asked to see me alone
for the first time since the robbery.
Hey. how you doin'?
I've been better.
You know...
I'm of the belief that
certain people are cursed.
I don't pretend to know why. but...
wherever these unlucky folk go.
misfortune abounds.
Rain don't come. Crops dry out.
Cows get sick.
Ever since you came around...
there's been a cascade of trouble.
I'm not saying you got a 666
inscribed on the back
of your skull. but...
something about you
gives me the heebie-jeebies.
Alamo's waiting for you at the bar.
Okay.
Just got off the phone
with that bitch Laurie.
Oh. yeah? What'd she say?
She wanna meet.
Oh. yeah? About what?
She didn't say.
But I got a good feeling
about what she wants.
What?
For me to bend over
and spread my ass cheeks.
Well. you're not gonna do that.
Nope.
But I'ma spread hers.
You know her house. right?
Where would she keep my shit?
I bet your money's
probably in the basement.
- Money?
- Yeah.
What she got...
whole lot fucking
more valuable than money.
'Cause what she don't know...
is this nigga ain't nobody's monkey.
Mm.
I play this game to my own fuckin' tune.
Okay.
Hey. baby. you wanna go out?
Wanna go out. honey?
I told the DEA that Laurie
wanted to set up a meeting with Alamo.
I mean. he didn't say
if I was invited or not.
Get invited.
- How?
- Look. just get into the room
with your phone out.
- Yeah. okay. Yeah.
- Get in the car.
We have a call to make.
They wanted a wiretap on Laurie.
so they needed me
to get her to incriminate herself.
Hello?
Hey. Laurie. listen. I was just calling
to let you know that I had
nothing to do with Paladin.
You're a liar.
No. look. I told him
how much you cared about him.
but I didn't think he was gonna kill him.
I don't ever want to talk to you again.
Well--
Shit.
One more chance.
Then. he divorced my mother
to be with another woman.
And he took his money with him.
And then. she died.
I was very angry with him.
It cost me $10.000 in therapy
to say that sentence.
I was very angry with him.
I do it very well. don't I?
I'll say it again.
- I was very angry...
- Just call her back.
This is the best part.
Come on.
Shit.
I'ma bet you wish
you're still our drug mule.
Every fucking day. man.
Mm-hmm.
Too bad. Job's been filled.
Oh. yeah? By who?
Wouldn't you like to know. bitch.
That will do.
Penzler's office. Maddy speaking.
So. Brandon was telling the truth?
You're just an assistant?
We need to talk.
Shit.
Cassie requested that the meeting
be held at Maddy's apartment.
So. you were lying about
living in a doorman building?
You caught me.
After everything I've been through.
I'm sensitive to lies.
Yeah. I could say the same to you.
What have I lied about?
Are you serious?
Recently.
Look. you wanted to talk. Let's talk.
This isn't easy for me.
In fact. it's one of the hardest decisions
I've ever had to make in my entire life.
and I just need you to know
that it's not personal.
- It's just business.
- Uh-huh.
I've been approached
by the biggest TikTok house
- in Los Angeles.
- Brandon?
Yes. Brandon.
Basically. Brandon made me
an offer I can't refuse.
So. what'd you say?
I told him I have to think about it.
- Have you thought about it?
- Yes.
And that's why you're here?
Exactly.
Well. go ahead then. Say it.
Maddy. you're my best friend.
Really?
Yes!
How could you even question that?
Continue.
I just need you to know it's not personal.
Cass. have some fuckin' balls.
I just...
I don't know how to say this
without hurting your feelings.
Mm.
But this is a big opportunity for me.
I just...
I have to move on.
Okay.
Hi. this is Madeline Perez.
I'm calling about the LA Nights
audition with Cassie.
Yeah. the one with Dylan.
Mm.
I'm gonna have to cancel that.
Dylan?
- No. no. no.
- She's not gonna be available.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. wait. wait. what?
- What?
- When did that happen?
What does it matter?
I don't represent you.
- Yes. you do.
- Didn't you just leave me?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. not-- not officially.
Maddy. my head is swirling.
and I'm new to this.
and this definitely changes things.
Mm.
Never mind. She'll be there.
Well. just to avoid
any future misunderstandings.
I drew up a contract.
Okay. I'll sign it.
Here. can you hold it up next to you?
Yeah.
Dylan.
Great.
Glad we cleared that up.
I think that's it.
I promise you. Maddy...
I will not let you down.
Great.
The only problem was.
Maddy hadn't secured an audition.
Don't run from me.
It's simple.
Call the casting director.
put Cassie on the list.
I can't abuse my power. Maddy.
Don't give me that shit.
It's a tiny role.
She has no qualifications
other than being my sister.
You wanna make me an enemy?
- Hi.
Sign in here.
Hi!
I am so happy and grateful
for this opportunity.
My sister. Lexi Howard.
she has always been my biggest supporter.
We love Lexi.
- Yeah. she's the best. isn't she?
- Great.
Hi. I'm Cassie Howard.
I'm 5'5". and my measurements
are 37-24-37.
I'll be doing a monologue
from Antony and Cleopatra
by William Shakespeare.
- Shakespeare?
- I mean. is there anyone better?
No.
So. Act Five. Scene Two takes place
after Antony has been
defeated by Julius Caesar.
and he nobly commits suicide.
And Cleopatra-- me...
...she's been captured
by the Roman military.
and this is her monologue of defiance.
- Great.
- Okay.
Sir...
I will eat no meat.
I will not drink. sir.
If idle talk will once be necessary...
I'll not sleep neither.
This mortal house I'll ruin.
Do Caesar what he can.
No. sir.
I will not wait. pinioned.
at your master's court.
Nor once be chastised
with the sober eye of dull Octavia.
I will not drink. sir.
If idle talk will once be necessary.
I will not sleep neither.
This mortal house I'll ruin.
do Caesar what he can.
- Oh. my God.
- Know. sir. I will not wait
pinioned at your master's court.
nor once be chastised by the sober eye
of dull Octavia.
Shall they hoist me up and show me
to the shouting varletry
of censuring Rome?
Rather a ditch in Egypt...
Who does Shakespeare?
Sadly. no one.
Rather on Nilus' mud lay me stark naked
and let the water-flies
blow me into abhorring!
Oh!
Rather make my country's high pyramides
- my gibbet.
- Oh.
And hang me up in chains.
That's your sister?
- Yeah.
- Her sister?
They don't look anything alike.
She told the casting director
you recommended her
for the role of job applicant.
- She did?
- Mm-hmm.
If she can do Shakespeare...
She can do LA Nights.
Yes.
I hadn't seen Jules since the wedding.
and she was clearly holding it against me.
How many relationships have you been in
since high school?
Relationships?
Yeah. when you form an emotional
and sexual connection
with another person?
Oh. man.
Can't even count.
Who was your most recent?
Angel.
How long were you all together?
Not long.
But...
it was really passionate though.
Tumultuous.
We'd. like. argue and then
throw shit at each other.
It was fucking crazy.
But then I...
I ended up having to take her to rehab.
So. you two were in love?
Definitely.
- I find that hard to believe.
- What. that we were in love?
That you were in a relationship
where you. like. expressed yourself...
argued. threw shit at each other.
Me?
Yeah. It's a side I've never seen.
A lot of things change over the years.
Have they?
What are you talking about?
I mean. you come over here.
you lay around.
You look at me like
you have something to say.
but you never say it.
I feel like I'm back in high school.
What. I'm not allowed to come hang out?
What do you want?
Nothing.
You don't wanna kiss me?
- Like now?
- Sure.
Yeah. I'd kiss you.
But do you want to?
I mean. I find you very attractive.
That wasn't the question.
Okay. I'm sorry. aren't you with this guy?
Fucking...
Your landlord? Mr. Family Guy?
So. you want to kiss me.
but you won't. out of respect?
I'm confused. Do you want me to kiss you?
- If that's all you want.
- What do you want?
A lot of things.
Like what?
You want to kiss me? Get up.
Take my head in your hands and kiss me.
Keep kissing me.
Push me on the bed. kiss me all over.
You want more? Take it.
You want me?
Make me yours.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. my God!
You're bringing guys to my apartment
and fucking 'em when I'm not here?
No.
Who's R.B.?
It's my friend Rue. She's not a guy.
She's just like a friend from high school.
Look.
I give you a lot of freedom.
But I got kids. I got a wife.
I cannot be coming home
with a fucking STD.
I know.
It's nothing like that. I promise.
I like you. but I love my family.
and I will not put them at risk.
A few days later.
Cassie wired Nate 30 grand.
Even with the help of Cassie.
Nate had missed his last payment.
Yes!
The Velvet Fog.
No!
No.
No. I just got 30K. okay?
I was gonna call Naz.
Please.
Let's be reasonable.
Let's be reas--
- Ah! No! No. no!
- Open hand.
God. please!
- Please. I've got the money.
Open hand!
No! No! No. no!
Fuck! Please!
I have the money! I swear!
- Give me finger.
- No. No.
No. no. no. please.
Give me finger.
Open.
Please. Please.
Please. Please. Please.
Between the DEA. the robbery. and Jules...
I sort of forgot that I framed Magick.
Bishop. figure out
how the fuck to get that shit--
What the fuck is this?
- Huh? I found it--
- I know what it is. bitch.
- Why are you putting it on my desk?
- Okay. I found it in my locker.
It's Rue.
Rue put it there. for sure.
I know for a fact. She put it there...
She was asking Kitty.
"Somebody was forcing you to work here?"
What the fuck?
Why would she ask that?
You cannot trust this bitch.
She's trying to fuck with my life.
and that means she's trying
to fuck with your life. too.
I'm being framed.
When I was trying to tell Big Eddy.
then the robbery happened.
You was in the room?
You was in the room. the robbery?
Of course. yes. I was there.
And then. there was blood in my face.
- Blood everywhere.
- This...
robbery. the gunmen...
they do a lot of talking?
They were talking so much.
Yelling. laughing.
- With the fucking guns on--
- Shut up.
Bishop. she ID'd the driver already.
didn't she?
On the surveillance footage.
And that's the first time she knew 'em?
Yes.
Didn't you say Rue
lived with those crackers?
Yes.
And she didn't recognize their voices?
No.
Huh.
Seems odd.
Cassie fucks you over.
you guys make up. you forgive her.
and then she just immediately
fucks you over again.
I've removed emotion. It's business.
Okay. but when you see her.
like when you look at her
in the eye. you don't just like...
You know? Like. your blood doesn't boil?
- No.
- Not even a little bit.
No.
- How?
- Equanimity.
- What?
- It's just the knowledge
that everything
is exactly as it should be.
Like whether the milkshake I ordered
is terrific or terrible. it's all equal.
Okay. but terrific and terrible
are not the same thing.
Well. to me. they are.
No. that-- what?
They're polar opposites. Maddy.
I know there's a difference.
It's just that difference
is of no consequence to me.
Okay. but how is that possible?
I've reached a state of pure harmony.
Okay. so what if the busboy. you know.
like. what if he just. like.
jerks off in your milkshake?
Ew.
Why the fuck would he do that?
Because he's not in a state
of pure harmony.
- It all goes back to Jesus.
- Oh.
Yeah. well. I haven't
really gotten to Jesus yet.
You're reading the Bible. right?
Yeah. but it's like 900 pages
before he even shows up.
Don't worry. He's coming.
Jesus teaches to be in the world.
but not of the world. right?
That's basically what I'm saying.
Then maybe you'll keep your head.
Ruby Bennett.
Hey.
What a coincidence.
Yeah.
Pardon my manners.
Alamo Brown.
Maddy Perez.
Ooh. beautiful nails.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Thank you.
- You Rue's friend?
- Yeah.
Now. you ain't never
mentioned Maddy before.
Why are you trying to hide her?
I'm not trying to hide anything. that's...
Listen. I can see y'all cozy.
Y'all mind if I take a seat?
Are you...?
- No. no.
- Yeah. go ahead.
- Great. thank you.
- Yeah.
I'm kind of parched.
You don't mind if I take a sip
of your coffee. do you?
- All yours. yeah. go ahead.
- Sweeten it up for me.
- Oh.
- Go ahead.
- Okay. so you want me to--
- There you go.
- Yeah. keep going.
- Okay.
Got me a sweet tooth.
There you go. that's good.
There you go.
Are you Rue's boss?
- That. I am.
- Mm.
How'd you two meet?
Well. Rue seems to believe
that God sent her.
God. or the devil.
We still trying to work
that one out. aren't we?
Yeah. that's for sure.
Where are you from?
Well. my mama had us
move all over. really.
See. I didn't have the fortune
of growing up
in a safe place like Rue.
Nice suburban street.
Cute little house.
The American dream
didn't really factor for me.
Mm. Yeah. my boss
literally knows nothing about me
- or my family.
- That right?
See. I think it's important
to care about your employees.
Gotta know who's in your crew.
Else you don't know who's working for you
or against you. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm.
Right.
So. you run strip clubs?
So. you did tell her something about me.
Look at you.
Yeah. it's an all-in cash business.
- Mm.
- I like it that way.
It gives me a certain amount of freedom.
and I gots to tell you.
I love me some freedom.
Oh. Pardon me.
Yeah.
I'm sitting right next to her.
Sounds good.
Sorry.
G and Bishop are outside.
They'll give you a ride.
Don't you have somewhere to go. Maddy?
No.
Are you sure? I thought you said
you had somewhere to be.
- No. I'm still waiting for my milkshake.
- Oh. okay.
- She'll be alright.
- I'll call you. I'll call.
- Okay.
- I'll keep Maddy company.
So. Maddy...
Now. what kind of milkshake did you order?
A black-and-white.
That's my favorite.
The cherry on top.
- Hey!
- A large number one.
Here you go.
Where are we going?
We about to go to another place.
Alright.
See. that's what I didn't respect
about my dad.
He just accepted his fate.
See. now. that's your mama's fault.
- No. That's his fault.
- Hold on. now.
Good woman supposed to push her man.
- Make him aim higher.
- Mm.
Maybe the reverse is true too.
Can't say I found it. Hm.
Well. that's 'cause you live
in the Central Valley.
Now. what's that supposed to mean?
Slim pickings.
I can't say I suffer
- from a shortage of women now.
- Mm. charming.
Well. it ain't the quantity.
it's the quality.
Well. maybe the quantity is preventing you
from finding the quality.
Touché. huh?
So. what's missing in your life?
Money.
And what would you do if you had money?
The same exact thing on a bigger scale.
What. managing actresses and stuff?
No. that's what my boss does.
I manage anybody who wants to make money.
Elaborate.
Last year. Hollywood made $8 billion.
OnlyFans made seven.
It's a lot of money being left
on the table in my business.
Guess they're all afraid of the stigma.
Too caught up in being
known as good people.
Mm. I'm not.
Me neither.
Okay. Alamo Brown.
Before I forget. let me see your phone.
Why?
I need a reason?
See. I think within six months.
my top girl. Cassie...
she could be bringing in
a million a month.
- The fuck outta here.
- Yep.
Let me see what she looks like.
- I got girls just like this.
- Mm.
- What's your overhead?
- Just me and my internet service provider.
- What's your cut?
- 15%.
Why 15? Why not 30?
She's a friend.
So. if I've got two
or three comparable girls...
what's your plan?
Rinse and repeat.
And if I'm your friend.
you get 15. I get 15?
Well. I'd like to see
your inventory first.
You might have some
busted-ass girls in there.
- You got a ride?
- Yep.
- Let's ride.
- Let's go.
Come in.
I have worked seven days a week.
15 to 17 hours a day.
and the first generous thing I do for you.
you just throw it back in my face?
- All I did was audition.
- You used your maiden name.
and you said I personally recommended you.
Well. I'm sorry. I just wanted to
make sure that it got seen.
Well. it definitely got fucking seen.
In a good way or a bad way?
Congratulations. job applicant.
You got the fucking part.
Oh. my God. I'm gonna be on TV!
- In a very small role.
- Lex!
I can feel it now.
This is just the beginning.
You. me. LA Nights.
One day we're gonna look back at this
and we're gonna be like.
"Pssh. you remember when life was normal?
"Do you remember living
in that shitty apartment
and I was selling my dirty
underwear for 50 bucks?"
- Ew! That's what you're doing?
- No. just for now.
But I'm gonna be fucking famous.
I'm not even gonna be able
to walk down the street.
Lex! Just you watch!
I'm gonna be a household name!
You are literally the most selfish.
narcissistic person I have ever met.
But that's what it takes
to make it in this town.
Wait.
Lexi!
Lex!
Thank you!
Fuck yeah!
Jordan. I am raising your prices!
Oh. my God.
About damn time.
Start digging.
Digging what?
A hole.
So. where you guys meet?
You and Rue?
In school.
So. you and Rue close. then?
Yeah. as close as someone can be to her.
Mm.
- So you trust her?
- I do.
Hm.
She's a little crazy.
but she has a good heart.
Yo. Is this good enough?
Deeper.
Well. how deep?
Up to your throat.
So. you gave the bitches the energy...
You ready to meet some hard-working girls?
- Yes. I am.
- Alright.
Hey. can you guys--
can you help me out here?
Why are you looking at me like that?
What are you doing?
Guys. what the fuck? Hey. come on. man.
Hey. hey. hey. hey! Hey!
Come on. you guys.
In the past. Maddy scouted good girls
and turned them bad.
Is your neck okay?
Insurance fraud?
But these girls were different.
Hm.
They were willing to do anything.
I'll take seven and 15.
Cream of the crop.
Kitty.
Magick.
Come on over here.
Somebody I wanna introduce you to.
There you go. Easy now.
We know what trust is. don't we?
You and I know what trust is. don't we?
Easy now.
Easy.
There you go.
You know. some people don't even deserve
to be trusted. do they. huh? Hm?
Don't deserve love.
Don't deserve trust.
Look. you guys...
I don't know what I did to deserve this.
But this is-- this is extreme.
I mean...
who even thinks of this shit?
Hyah! Come on!
Wait. wait. What?
No! Hey. no! No!
Hey! No. no. no!
Come on. man. no!
Don't let him do this. no. no. no. no!
Hey. please. please. please. please.
please. please. please. No. no. no. no.
- Hyah!
- No!
- Nooo!
- Hyah!